{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\super \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}}{\info{\author Dan Kurth}{\operator Dan Kurth}{\creatim\yr1997\mo11\dy23\hr14\min41}{\revtim\yr1997\mo11\dy27\hr18\min11}{\version3}{\edmins16}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords852}{\nofchars4862}{\*\company The Kurth Family}{\vern57443}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\f2 \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDM_EDITFILE}}{\b\f2 Edit Cards command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to edit existing Flash study cards or add new ones.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 A question is entered (or edited) in the upper box labeled Question, and the answer that matches that question is put in the second box labeled Answer. 
This Question and the Answer make up the two sides of a Flash study card which (if saved) will be added to the current Flash study file.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \{bml EditCard.bmp\}
\par 
\par The Edit Cards dialog box offers the following options :
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 New
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Save the current study card, then create a new blank card ready for the next entry.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Delete
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Delete the current study card, then display the next card in the study file.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Prior
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Display the card preceding the current card in the study file.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Next
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Display the next card in the study file.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Apply
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Save the current study card but do not create a new one or quit the edit dialog.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Ok
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Save the current study card and quit the edit dialog.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cancel
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Quit the edit dialog but do not save the current card.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDM_CLEARSTATS}}{\b\f2 Clear Statistics command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to clear all of the statistics kept by Flash.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDM_MULTIPLECHOICE}}{\b\f2 Multiple Choice command (Test menu)}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to test using Multiple Choice mode.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 A question is displayed in the top box labeled Question and various possible answers are displayed in the middle box. At 
least one of the answers matches the question displayed. Your task is to choose which answer is correct by double clicking on it with the left mouse button (you can also select among the possible answers using the arrow keys to scroll up or down and then 
pressing Enter when the selection you choose is highlighted). Only the first line of each possible answer is displayed in the selection box, however the full text of each answer is displayed in the lower box as it is highlighted.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 If you select the correct 
answer then not much will appear to happen: the Flash Statistics dialog box will be updated and a new test question will be presented. However if you select an incorrect answer then another dialog box will pop up to inform you that the answer was wrong an
d will show you both the question and the correct answer. }
\par \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \{bml mchoice.bmp\}\page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDM_SHOWANSWER}}{\b\f2 Honor System command (Test menu)}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to test using the Honor System.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 A question is displayed in the Flash programs main window. Your task is to think of the correct answer, then press the \ldblquote Show Answer\rdblquote 
 button, then compare the answer given to that which you had in mind. You alone decide if the two match (that\rquote s why it\rquote s called the Honor System) and then press the \ldblquote Yes\rdblquote  or \ldblquote No\rdblquote 
 button in response to the question \ldblquote Did you get it right?\rdblquote .
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Here is an example which shows the Honor System dialog box after pressing the \ldblquote Show Answer\rdblquote  button:
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \{bml QandA.bmp\}
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDM_TYPEINANSWER}}{\b\f2 Type In Answer command (Test menu)}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to test using the Type In method.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 A question is displayed in the Flash programs main window. Your task is to type the correct answer into the Type In Answer dialog box, pressing Enter when done. 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par In this example the answer given was \ldblquote b\rdblquote .
\par 
\par \{bml TypeIn.bmp\}
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
If you select the correct answer then not much will appear to happen: the Flash Statistics dialog box will be updated and a new test question will be presented. However if you select an incorrect answer then another dialog box will pop up to inform you th
at the answer was wrong and will show you both the question and the correct answer. }\page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDD_DIALOG1}} {\b\f2 FLASH STATISTICS Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 The FLASH STATISTICS Dialog Box displays the statistics for the current study file and card.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 In the example below there are a }{\b\f2 Total}{\f2  of 3 cards in the current Flash study file. One of these three cards has been }{\b\f2 Answered}{\f2  correctly, leaving two cards }{\b\f2 Remaining}{\f2 
. This is the second attempt at answering the current card, as }{\b\f2 Previous Attempts}{\f2  is 1.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \{bml stats.bmp\}
\par }\pard \widctlpar \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDD_MCShowCorrect }} {\b\f2 The Correct Answer Dialog Box}{\f2  
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par The Flash Statistics Dialog Box displays the current question and the correct answer. 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
This dialog box pops up anytime a question is missed while testing using either the Multiple Choice or Type In Answer method. It is useful for learning from mistakes during practice, as the question shown in the dialog box will asked again (and again) unt
il the answer shown is memorized.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \{bml RightAns.bmp\}
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs16\f2\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HID_HELP_FINDER}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Help Topics command (Help menu)
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 The Help Topics command displays the main Help menu.}{\b\f2  }{\f2 \page }{\cs16\f2\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} HIDM_INTRO}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Introduction command (Help menu)
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 The Introduction command displays a very brief introduction to the Flash program.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs16\f2\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} howto_makecards
\par 
\par }}{\f2  }{\b\f2 How to make your own Flash cards
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
To make your own Flash cards first open the study file you wish to use (either an existing one or a new one you name yourself) then select File from the menu, then select Edit Cards. If this is a new file you are creating then one blank card will be autom
atically created for you ready to edit. Simply add the text you want on the card and press one of the buttons (New, Apply, or Ok) to save it.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 If you intend to make many cards then the N
ew button is your best option: After you edit the card and press New it first saves that card and then creates a new one automatically ready to edit. To speed up the process you can use the Tab key to move from the Question box to the Answer box after you
 fill in your question, then from the Answer box to the New button after you fill in your answer. When you are all done do NOT press the New button again as this will make yet another card. Press OK instead to save your work and quit the Edit Cards dialog
 (the same button to use if you make just one card).
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 See also the }{\f2\uldb Edit Cards}{\v\f2 HIDM_EDITFILE}{\f2  command.
\par \page }{\cs16\f2\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} howto_test}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 How to test yourself
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 To test yourself select Test from the Menu bar and then choose a method: }{\f2\uldb Multiple Choice}{\v\f2 HIDM_MULTIPLECHOICE}{\f2 , the }{\f2\uldb Honor System}{\v\f2 HIDM_SHOWANSWER}{\f2 , or }{\f2\uldb 
Type In Answer}{\v\f2 HIDM_TYPEINANSWER}{\f2 . You can switch to an alternate method at any time (even during a test session) by closing the current test dialog box (click on the }{\b\f2 X}{\f2  in the upper right hand corner) th
en choosing another test method from the Test menu.
\par }}